Separate DB per Jest Worker (Fixes #272) (#301)
shelfio/jest-mongodb: readme.md

  mongodbMemoryServerOptions: {
    binary: {
      version: '4.0.3',
      skipMD5: true,
    },
    instance: {
      dbName: 'jest',
    },
    autoStart: false,
  },
};
```

> To use separate database for each jest worker pass the `separateMongoInstances: true` (doesn't create `process.env` variable when using this option):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use separate database for each jest worker pass the `useSharedDBForAllJestWorkers: false` (doesn't create `process.env` variable when using this option):
```

Maybe let's rename it to something like this. What do you think?

Author: If you mean that jest-mongodb will start distinct database by default, I think it can result in unexpected performance decrease for ones who updated package but still not familiar with this feature.

Reviewer 2: It will have the same behaviour, just naming changed and default to value of "true" rather than false

Reviewer: Yes. What I mean is just **renaming the variable**.
